src/blog/browning-725-pro-sport.md, before:

---
title: "Gun of the Week - Browning 725 Pro Sport"
date: "2019-08-30"
---

# **Gun of the Week - Browning 725 Pro Sport**
*In-Store Price from £3,099*

The Browning 725 Pro-sport is an evolution on Browning's 40 year old platform which has brought the 725 right up to date and has been designed to be the perfect fit gun wether you're shooting sporting or compak.

![](https://res.cloudinary.com/shooting-supplies/image/upload/v1573564590/Browning-725-ProSport_ri2kti_yrnviq.jpg)

It's a fantastic looking shotgun that will attract admiration, with an American Walnut stock and zirconium matte finished barrels. The Browning 725 Pro Sport also offers unrivalled comfort, featuring an adjustable comb, inflex recoil pad and the Pro Balance system that lets you redistribute the weight of the gun and fine tune the balance.

![](https://res.cloudinary.com/shooting-supplies/image/upload/v1573564593/B725-PROSPORT-12M_3_vuugp5_euaum6.jpg)

The Browning 725 Pro Sport also features a mechanical trigger meaning that low recoiling cartridges can be used with a higher level of reliability, and less time between your first and second shot.

For more information about the Pro Sport or any of our other [shotguns](https://shootingsuppliesltd.co.uk/shotguns/) please call our shooting experts on 01527831261 or visit us in store.

You can watch more about the Browning 725 Pro Sport below.

`youtube:https://youtu.be/uSEW-saU8-c`

`youtube:https://youtu.be/wAy-cC26AkE`

`youtube:https://youtu.be/9A4Ly-qG0SU`

Commit message:

Add slug to all md blog posts

src/blog/browning-725-pro-sport.md, after:

---
slug: gun-of-the-week-browning-725-pro-sport
title: "Gun of the Week - Browning 725 Pro Sport"
date: "2019-08-30"
---

# **Gun of the Week - Browning 725 Pro Sport**

_In-Store Price from £3,099_

The Browning 725 Pro-sport is an evolution on Browning's 40 year old platform which has brought the 725 right up to date and has been designed to be the perfect fit gun wether you're shooting sporting or compak.

![](https://res.cloudinary.com/shooting-supplies/image/upload/v1573564590/Browning-725-ProSport_ri2kti_yrnviq.jpg)

It's a fantastic looking shotgun that will attract admiration, with an American Walnut stock and zirconium matte finished barrels. The Browning 725 Pro Sport also offers unrivalled comfort, featuring an adjustable comb, inflex recoil pad and the Pro Balance system that lets you redistribute the weight of the gun and fine tune the balance.

![](https://res.cloudinary.com/shooting-supplies/image/upload/v1573564593/B725-PROSPORT-12M_3_vuugp5_euaum6.jpg)

The Browning 725 Pro Sport also features a mechanical trigger meaning that low recoiling cartridges can be used with a higher level of reliability, and less time between your first and second shot.

For more information about the Pro Sport or any of our other [shotguns](https://shootingsuppliesltd.co.uk/shotguns/) please call our shooting experts on 01527831261 or visit us in store.

You can watch more about the Browning 725 Pro Sport below.

`youtube:https://youtu.be/uSEW-saU8-c`

`youtube:https://youtu.be/wAy-cC26AkE`

`youtube:https://youtu.be/9A4Ly-qG0SU`
