src/blog/hawke-airmax-rifle-scopes.md, before:

---
title: "Hawke Airmax Rifle Scopes"
date: "2019-11-27"
---

# **Hawke Airmax Rifle Scopes**
*Various Models In Store from £249.95+*

[Hawke](/brand/hawke/) Airmax are the perfect range of scopes for your air gun, the Airmax range has been developed with the Air Rifle shooter in mind.

Airmax scopes all feature 16 layer multi-coated optics that have been developed to provide crisp, clear and high-resolution images.

All of the 30mm models have the side parallax adjustment that provides precise focus down to 10 yards/9 meters.      

## AMX Reticle

The AMX reticle offers multiple aim points, ideal when shooting air rifles with loopy trajectories and is based on the spacing of a 10x Mil-Dot.

The horizontal bars are calculated at 0.5, 1.5, 2.5, 3.5 and 4.5 mil spacing. Hollow posts are segmented into mil spacing and can be used for bracketing.

Half Mil Dot spacing on the lower post provides increased aim points for long shots.

## They have compact models too.

Hawke Airmax Compact scopes have been developed for the increasing range of bullpup and carbine rifles, providing a scope that is lightweight and small in size without compromising on the quality already existing in the Airmax range.

`youtube:https://youtu.be/QlZi5eFvWqk`

Commit message:

Add slug to all md blog posts

src/blog/hawke-airmax-rifle-scopes.md, after:

---
slug: hawke-airmax-rifle-scopes
title: "Hawke Airmax Rifle Scopes"
date: "2019-11-27"
---

# **Hawke Airmax Rifle Scopes**

_Various Models In Store from £249.95+_

[Hawke](/brand/hawke/) Airmax are the perfect range of scopes for your air gun, the Airmax range has been developed with the Air Rifle shooter in mind.

Airmax scopes all feature 16 layer multi-coated optics that have been developed to provide crisp, clear and high-resolution images.

All of the 30mm models have the side parallax adjustment that provides precise focus down to 10 yards/9 meters.

## AMX Reticle

The AMX reticle offers multiple aim points, ideal when shooting air rifles with loopy trajectories and is based on the spacing of a 10x Mil-Dot.

The horizontal bars are calculated at 0.5, 1.5, 2.5, 3.5 and 4.5 mil spacing. Hollow posts are segmented into mil spacing and can be used for bracketing.

Half Mil Dot spacing on the lower post provides increased aim points for long shots.

## They have compact models too.

Hawke Airmax Compact scopes have been developed for the increasing range of bullpup and carbine rifles, providing a scope that is lightweight and small in size without compromising on the quality already existing in the Airmax range.

`youtube:https://youtu.be/QlZi5eFvWqk`
