src/blog/pard-nv008-lrf-rangefinder.md, before:

---
title: "Pard NV008 LRF Rangefinder"
date: "2019-10-02"
---

# **Pard NV008 LRF Rangefinder**
*In-Store from £829.00*

New in stock is the [Pard NV008 LRF](/product/pard-nv008-lrf-digital-scope/) Rangefinder, bringing both performance and value for money to our Night Vision range.

The NV008 LRF is a brilliant all in one package, equipped with a 600m laser rangefinder and digital 1080p day/night vision. MP4 video recording and quick swap batteries, plus a weaver rail mount all included.

![Pard NV008 LRF Rangefinder for sale](https://res.cloudinary.com/shooting-supplies/image/upload/v1573564906/PardNV008LRFRangefinder_orrkzp-1_vlvhvz.jpg)

## Pard NV008 LRF Features

- 1080P Full colour for daytime use.
- 1080P Night vision mode.
- 600M inbuilt laser rangefinder.
- 6.5x optical magnification and digital 15x zoom function.
- Mildot style reticules with multiple aim points.
- MP4 video recording to Micro SD card, video can be played back through the viewfinder to analyse shots.
- Built-in 150yd-200yd illuminator with zoom function from spot to flood and three IR power modes.
- Built-in laser, useful for using as a marker for range finding.
- Recoil rated up to .308 calibre.
- Runs off a single 18650 battery provide quick in-field replacement.
- Focusable Dioptre.
- Built-in Wifi system allows for viewing via phone or tablet, remote recording and remote transfer.
- Adjustable brightness and exposure control providing great colour and detail.
- Lightweight and compact design add minimal weight to your rifle setup.
- Weaver rail mounting system.

Call Us on 01527831261 to reserve yours or visit us in-store.

### Pard NV008 LRF Quick Look

`youtube:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNO-frXYrNs`

We stock both Pulsar & Pard night vision scopes.

Commit message:

Add slug to all md blog posts

src/blog/pard-nv008-lrf-rangefinder.md, after:

---
slug: pard-nv008-lrf-rangefinder
title: "Pard NV008 LRF Rangefinder"
date: "2019-10-02"
---

# **Pard NV008 LRF Rangefinder**

_In-Store from £829.00_

New in stock is the [Pard NV008 LRF](/product/pard-nv008-lrf-digital-scope/) Rangefinder, bringing both performance and value for money to our Night Vision range.

The NV008 LRF is a brilliant all in one package, equipped with a 600m laser rangefinder and digital 1080p day/night vision. MP4 video recording and quick swap batteries, plus a weaver rail mount all included.

![Pard NV008 LRF Rangefinder for sale](https://res.cloudinary.com/shooting-supplies/image/upload/v1573564906/PardNV008LRFRangefinder_orrkzp-1_vlvhvz.jpg)

## Pard NV008 LRF Features

- 1080P Full colour for daytime use.
- 1080P Night vision mode.
- 600M inbuilt laser rangefinder.
- 6.5x optical magnification and digital 15x zoom function.
- Mildot style reticules with multiple aim points.
- MP4 video recording to Micro SD card, video can be played back through the viewfinder to analyse shots.
- Built-in 150yd-200yd illuminator with zoom function from spot to flood and three IR power modes.
- Built-in laser, useful for using as a marker for range finding.
- Recoil rated up to .308 calibre.
- Runs off a single 18650 battery provide quick in-field replacement.
- Focusable Dioptre.
- Built-in Wifi system allows for viewing via phone or tablet, remote recording and remote transfer.
- Adjustable brightness and exposure control providing great colour and detail.
- Lightweight and compact design add minimal weight to your rifle setup.
- Weaver rail mounting system.

Call Us on 01527831261 to reserve yours or visit us in-store.

### Pard NV008 LRF Quick Look

`youtube:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNO-frXYrNs`

We stock both Pulsar & Pard night vision scopes.
