src/blog/ruger-precision-lapua-338-magnum-rifle.md, before:

---
title: "Ruger Precision Lapua .338 Magnum Rifle"
date: "2019-09-20"
---*

# **Ruger Precision Lapua Magnum Rifle**
*In-Store from £2399*

Ruger went big with its popular Ruger Precision platform and gave us the meaner **Ruger Precision Lapua .338 Magnum** rifle. In the .338 Lapua Ruger have produced a very reliable, accurate and durable long range rifle.

Ruger states: “These new magnum calibre models pair exceptional long-range accuracy potential with tremendous down-range energy, broadening the appeal of an already very popular rifle. These new chambering options broaden the Ruger Precision Rifle’s utility across a wide range of readily-available ammunition.”

The low cost of this rifle makes it an attractive purchase, not only for first-time long-distance shooters but also a compelling choice for those already in the hobby. Pair the Ruger Precision Lapua .338 Magnum with an optic and match ammunition and this rifle is difficult to beat.

![Ruger Precision 338 Lapua Rifle Front Right Hand View](https://res.cloudinary.com/shooting-supplies/image/upload/v1573564820/Ruger-Precision-Lapua-338-Mag-rh2_diduvx_mqkehw.jpg)

## Ruger Precision Lapua .338 Magnum Features

- In-line recoil path manages recoil directly from the rear of the receiver to the butt-stock, providing maximum accuracy potential.
- Cold hammer-forged, chrome-moly steel barrel with 5R Rifling at minimum bore and groove dimensions.
- Ruger Marksman Adjustable™ trigger is externally adjustable.
- Ruger Precision® MSR stock features a bottom Picatinny rail and soft rubber butt-pad.
- The left-folding stock hinge accepts any AR-style stock.
- Length of pull and comb height are adjustable.
- Heavy-contour (.875" at the muzzle) barrel features a Ruger Precision® Rifle Magnum Muzzle Brake with tuneable compensator to effectively reduce recoil and muzzle jump.
- The 18" aluminum free-float hand-guard is black hard-coat anodised aluminum and features Magpul® M-LOK® slots on all four sides for improved scope clearance.
- M-LOK-compatible rails and accessories.
- Ambidextrous manual safety for left- or right-handed lever manipulation.
- 30 MOA Picatinny rail.
- "Upper" receiver and one-piece bolt are precision CNC-machined from pre-hardened 4140 chrome-moly steel to minimise distortion.
- Three-lug bolt with 70° throw features dual cocking cams and a smooth-running, full diameter bolt body.
- Bolt body is nitrided for corrosion resistance, smooth operation and durability.
- Barrel can be replaced easily by a competent gunsmith using headspace gauges.
- Magazine well front is contoured for a positive grip when bracing against shooting supports.
- Oversized bolt handle for positive bolt manipulation, with a 5/16"-24 thread pattern for easy replacement.
- Bolt disassembly tool is stored in the Ruger Precision® Rifle Billet Aluminum Bolt Shroud for easy striker channel cleaning.
- "Lower" magazine well halves are precision machined from aerospace-grade 7075-T6 aluminum and are Type III hard-coat anodised for maximum durability.
- Extended trigger-reach AR-style grip and 45° ambidextrous safety selector. May be configured with any AR-style grip and selector.
- Hand-guard includes integral QD sling attachment points to eliminate the need for additional adaptors, a target-style flat bottom that improves stability and an integral bottom 1.50" dovetail that is compatible with RRS S.O.A.R. and similar QD systems.
- Also includes: two, 5-round AI-Style magazines.

![Ruger Precision 338 Lapua Magnum Rifle, Rear Right Hand View](https://res.cloudinary.com/shooting-supplies/image/upload/v1573564822/Ruger-Precision-Lapua-338-Mag-rh_c4jefi_dglnow.jpg)

## Ruger Precision Lapua .338 Magnum Specs

- Stock - Folding, Adjustable Length of Pull and Comb Height
- Finish - Type III Black Hard-Coat Anodized
- Barrel Length - 26"
- Barrel - Cold Hammer-Forged, 5R Rifling
-  Thread Pattern - 3/4"-24
- Twist - 1:9.375" RH
- Grooves - 5
- Weight - 15.2 lb.
- Capacity - 5
- Height - 7.50"
-  Overall Length - 49"-52.50"
- Length of Pull - 12.70" - 16.20"
- Folded Length - 40.35"
- Width - 3.50"

<p></p>

Call us on [01527831261](tel:01527831261) to reserve yours today.

Commit message:

Add slug to all md blog posts

src/blog/ruger-precision-lapua-338-magnum-rifle.md, after:

---
slug: ruger-precision-lapua-338-magnum-rifle
title: "Ruger Precision Lapua .338 Magnum Rifle"
date: "2019-09-20"
---

# **Ruger Precision Lapua Magnum Rifle**

_In-Store from £2399_

Ruger went big with its popular Ruger Precision platform and gave us the meaner **Ruger Precision Lapua .338 Magnum** rifle. In the .338 Lapua Ruger have produced a very reliable, accurate and durable long range rifle.

Ruger states: “These new magnum calibre models pair exceptional long-range accuracy potential with tremendous down-range energy, broadening the appeal of an already very popular rifle. These new chambering options broaden the Ruger Precision Rifle’s utility across a wide range of readily-available ammunition.”

The low cost of this rifle makes it an attractive purchase, not only for first-time long-distance shooters but also a compelling choice for those already in the hobby. Pair the Ruger Precision Lapua .338 Magnum with an optic and match ammunition and this rifle is difficult to beat.

![Ruger Precision 338 Lapua Rifle Front Right Hand View](https://res.cloudinary.com/shooting-supplies/image/upload/v1573564820/Ruger-Precision-Lapua-338-Mag-rh2_diduvx_mqkehw.jpg)

## Ruger Precision Lapua .338 Magnum Features

- In-line recoil path manages recoil directly from the rear of the receiver to the butt-stock, providing maximum accuracy potential.
- Cold hammer-forged, chrome-moly steel barrel with 5R Rifling at minimum bore and groove dimensions.
- Ruger Marksman Adjustable™ trigger is externally adjustable.
- Ruger Precision® MSR stock features a bottom Picatinny rail and soft rubber butt-pad.
- The left-folding stock hinge accepts any AR-style stock.
- Length of pull and comb height are adjustable.
- Heavy-contour (.875" at the muzzle) barrel features a Ruger Precision® Rifle Magnum Muzzle Brake with tuneable compensator to effectively reduce recoil and muzzle jump.
- The 18" aluminum free-float hand-guard is black hard-coat anodised aluminum and features Magpul® M-LOK® slots on all four sides for improved scope clearance.
- M-LOK-compatible rails and accessories.
- Ambidextrous manual safety for left- or right-handed lever manipulation.
- 30 MOA Picatinny rail.
- "Upper" receiver and one-piece bolt are precision CNC-machined from pre-hardened 4140 chrome-moly steel to minimise distortion.
- Three-lug bolt with 70° throw features dual cocking cams and a smooth-running, full diameter bolt body.
- Bolt body is nitrided for corrosion resistance, smooth operation and durability.
- Barrel can be replaced easily by a competent gunsmith using headspace gauges.
- Magazine well front is contoured for a positive grip when bracing against shooting supports.
- Oversized bolt handle for positive bolt manipulation, with a 5/16"-24 thread pattern for easy replacement.
- Bolt disassembly tool is stored in the Ruger Precision® Rifle Billet Aluminum Bolt Shroud for easy striker channel cleaning.
- "Lower" magazine well halves are precision machined from aerospace-grade 7075-T6 aluminum and are Type III hard-coat anodised for maximum durability.
- Extended trigger-reach AR-style grip and 45° ambidextrous safety selector. May be configured with any AR-style grip and selector.
- Hand-guard includes integral QD sling attachment points to eliminate the need for additional adaptors, a target-style flat bottom that improves stability and an integral bottom 1.50" dovetail that is compatible with RRS S.O.A.R. and similar QD systems.
- Also includes: two, 5-round AI-Style magazines.

![Ruger Precision 338 Lapua Magnum Rifle, Rear Right Hand View](https://res.cloudinary.com/shooting-supplies/image/upload/v1573564822/Ruger-Precision-Lapua-338-Mag-rh_c4jefi_dglnow.jpg)

## Ruger Precision Lapua .338 Magnum Specs

- Stock - Folding, Adjustable Length of Pull and Comb Height
- Finish - Type III Black Hard-Coat Anodized
- Barrel Length - 26"
- Barrel - Cold Hammer-Forged, 5R Rifling
- Thread Pattern - 3/4"-24
- Twist - 1:9.375" RH
- Grooves - 5
- Weight - 15.2 lb.
- Capacity - 5
- Height - 7.50"
- Overall Length - 49"-52.50"
- Length of Pull - 12.70" - 16.20"
- Folded Length - 40.35"
- Width - 3.50"

<p></p>

Call us on [01527831261](tel:01527831261) to reserve yours today.
