src/blog/sauer-100-xt-synthetic.md, before:

---
slug: sauer-100-xt-synthetic
title: "Sauer 100 XT Synthetic"
date: "2019-10-04"
excerpt: >-
  The Sauer 100 XT centrefire rifle offers unrivalled performance for an entry level gun.
thumbnail: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/shooting-supplies/image/upload/v1573564924/Sauer-100-XT_setzjg_h20huk.png
---

# **Sauer 100 XT Synthetic**

_In store price £899_

The Sauer 100 XT centrefire rifle offers unrivalled performance for an entry level gun, and whilst this is an entry level rifle, Sauer haven't skimped on the quality.

Offering a wide range of calibre's, available in 223, 243, 308 and 30-06, and keeping a few of Sauer's premium features, including adjustable single-stage trigger, three-position safety, hammer-forged original SAUER barrel, famously smooth SAUER bolt, and ERGO MAX stock geometry. This is a highly recommended buy.

For accuracy and build quality, at this price, you won't find much better.

![Sauer 100 XT Synthetic](https://res.cloudinary.com/shooting-supplies/image/upload/v1573564924/Sauer-100-XT_setzjg_h20huk.png)

## Features of the Sauer 100 XT:

- **3 Position Safety: **Safety On Bolt Locked / Safety On Bolt Unlocked / Fire.
- **Adjustable Trigger: **Wide trigger can be adjusted between 2.2 – 4.2 lbs.
- **Detachable Magazine: **Magazine seats flush with rifle and has a capacity of 5 for standard or 4 Mini/Magnum rounds.
- **ERGO MAX Stock: **Stock allows for improved head position when aiming and reduced felt recoil.
- **Cold Hammer Forged Barrel: **Original Sauer barrel offers unparalleled accuracy.
- **Available Calibers: **.222 Remington, .223 Remington, .243 Winchester, .270 Winchester, .30-06 Springfield, .308, 6.5 Creedmoor, 6.5 PRC, 6.5x55, 8x57IS, 9.3x62, 7mm-08, 7mm Remington Magnum, and .300 Winchester Magnum.

More info can be found on the Sauer website here: [Sauer 100 XT](https://www.sauer.de/en/s100-classic-xt/)

Or you can call us for further info on 01527831261.

Commit message:

Fix missing blog posts and add keywords and categories to frontmatter

src/blog/sauer-100-xt-synthetic.md, after:

---
slug: sauer-100-xt-synthetic
title: "Sauer 100 XT Synthetic"
date: "2019-10-04"
excerpt: >-
  The Sauer 100 XT centrefire rifle offers unrivalled performance for an entry level gun.
thumbnail: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/shooting-supplies/image/upload/v1573564924/Sauer-100-XT_setzjg_h20huk.png
category: Gun of the Week
keywords: sauer 100 xt, synthetic, entry level, rifle
---

# **Sauer 100 XT Synthetic**

_In store price £899_

The Sauer 100 XT centrefire rifle offers unrivalled performance for an entry level gun, and whilst this is an entry level rifle, Sauer haven't skimped on the quality.

Offering a wide range of calibre's, available in 223, 243, 308 and 30-06, and keeping a few of Sauer's premium features, including adjustable single-stage trigger, three-position safety, hammer-forged original SAUER barrel, famously smooth SAUER bolt, and ERGO MAX stock geometry. This is a highly recommended buy.

For accuracy and build quality, at this price, you won't find much better.

![Sauer 100 XT Synthetic](https://res.cloudinary.com/shooting-supplies/image/upload/v1573564924/Sauer-100-XT_setzjg_h20huk.png)

## Features of the Sauer 100 XT:

- **3 Position Safety: **Safety On Bolt Locked / Safety On Bolt Unlocked / Fire.
- **Adjustable Trigger: **Wide trigger can be adjusted between 2.2 – 4.2 lbs.
- **Detachable Magazine: **Magazine seats flush with rifle and has a capacity of 5 for standard or 4 Mini/Magnum rounds.
- **ERGO MAX Stock: **Stock allows for improved head position when aiming and reduced felt recoil.
- **Cold Hammer Forged Barrel: **Original Sauer barrel offers unparalleled accuracy.
- **Available Calibers: **.222 Remington, .223 Remington, .243 Winchester, .270 Winchester, .30-06 Springfield, .308, 6.5 Creedmoor, 6.5 PRC, 6.5x55, 8x57IS, 9.3x62, 7mm-08, 7mm Remington Magnum, and .300 Winchester Magnum.

More info can be found on the Sauer website here: [Sauer 100 XT](https://www.sauer.de/en/s100-classic-xt/)

Or you can call us for further info on 01527831261.
