src/blog/vortex-strike-eagle-5-25.md, before:

---
slug: vortex-strike-eagle-5-25
title: "Vortex Strike Eagle 5-25x56"
date: "2020-11-17"
excerpt: >-
  The blacked-out, tricked-out Marlin 1894 Dark .44 is now available in-store.
thumbnail: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/shooting-supplies/image/upload/v1605183433/Blog/Marlin%20Dark%201894%2044/marlin-dark-44-fb_pyz4ge.png
category: Gun of the Week
keywords: vortex, rifle scope, scope, strike eagle, vortex strike eagle 5-25x56
author: Shooting Supplies
---

# ***Vortex Strike Eagle 5-25x56***

In-Store £749.95

With the Stike Eagle 5-25x56 you get top end features at an affordable price.

The Strike Eagle 5-25 features excellent edge-to-edge sharpness, and a first focal plane (FFP) illuminated reticle for fast reads at any magnification and lighting situation. 

Other features include the RevStop Zero System which provides a hard return to zero, and locking turrets for fast, stay-put adjustments. And, a throw lever for rapid magnification changes.

The scope is built around a 34mm tube that accommodates massive amounts of elevation and windage travel. 

The Vortex Strike Eagle 5-25x56 rifle scope is a long-distance impact machine that'll have you wondering how you ever shot without it.

---

![Image of the Vortex Strike Eagle 5-25x56 Rifle Scope](https://res.cloudinary.com/shooting-supplies/image/upload/v1605614568/Blog/Vortex-Strike-Eagle/vtx_rfl_strikeeagle_5-25x56_mrad_fl_web_savodn.jpg)

---

### ***Vortex Strike Eagle 5-25x56 Specifications:***
- Magnification: 5-25x
- Objective Lens Diameter: 56mm
- Eye Relief: 3.7inches
- Field of View: 24.0 - 5.2ft @ 100yds
- Tube Size: 34mm
- Elevation Turret Style: Locking/Zero Stop
- Windage Turret Style: Locking
- Adjustment Graduation: 1/4 MOA
- Travel Per Rotation: 25 MOA
- Max Elevation Adjustment: 110 MOA
- Max Windage Adjustment: 78 MOA
- Parallax Setting: 15yds to infinity
- Length: 14.6inch
- Weight: ~965grams

---

`youtube:https://youtu.be/iYbcliwR1I8`

Commit message:

Update blog post image Vortex Strike Eagle 5-25

src/blog/vortex-strike-eagle-5-25.md, after:

---
slug: vortex-strike-eagle-5-25
title: "Vortex Strike Eagle 5-25x56"
date: "2020-11-17"
excerpt: >-
  With the Stike Eagle 5-25x56 you get top end features at an affordable price.
thumbnail: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/shooting-supplies/image/upload/v1605614562/Blog/Vortex-Strike-Eagle/vortex-strike-eagle-5-25-fb_jpfadi.png
category: News
keywords: vortex, rifle scope, scope, strike eagle, vortex strike eagle 5-25x56
author: Shooting Supplies
---

# ***Vortex Strike Eagle 5-25x56***

In-Store £749.95

With the Stike Eagle 5-25x56 you get top end features at an affordable price.

The Strike Eagle 5-25 features excellent edge-to-edge sharpness, and a first focal plane (FFP) illuminated reticle for fast reads at any magnification and lighting situation. 

Other features include the RevStop Zero System which provides a hard return to zero, and locking turrets for fast, stay-put adjustments. And, a throw lever for rapid magnification changes.

The scope is built around a 34mm tube that accommodates massive amounts of elevation and windage travel. 

The Vortex Strike Eagle 5-25x56 rifle scope is a long-distance impact machine that'll have you wondering how you ever shot without it.

---

![Image of the Vortex Strike Eagle 5-25x56 Rifle Scope](https://res.cloudinary.com/shooting-supplies/image/upload/v1605614568/Blog/Vortex-Strike-Eagle/vtx_rfl_strikeeagle_5-25x56_mrad_fl_web_savodn.jpg)

---

### ***Vortex Strike Eagle 5-25x56 Specifications:***
- Magnification: 5-25x
- Objective Lens Diameter: 56mm
- Eye Relief: 3.7inches
- Field of View: 24.0 - 5.2ft @ 100yds
- Tube Size: 34mm
- Elevation Turret Style: Locking/Zero Stop
- Windage Turret Style: Locking
- Adjustment Graduation: 1/4 MOA
- Travel Per Rotation: 25 MOA
- Max Elevation Adjustment: 110 MOA
- Max Windage Adjustment: 78 MOA
- Parallax Setting: 15yds to infinity
- Length: 14.6inch
- Weight: ~965grams

---

`youtube:https://youtu.be/iYbcliwR1I8`
