src/blog/yildiz-over-under.md, before:

---
title: "Yildiz Over & Under"
date: "2019-11-08"
---

# **Yildiz Over & Under**

A winner since it was first introduced, the Yildiz over and under is a great value shotgun at a budget price range.

Stocked in our store with a range of options, 12/20 & 410 bores and 26/28 & 30" lengths, ejector & non-ejector variations. The Yildiz over and under offers something for everyone, junior and adult shooters alike.

![Yildiz Over & Under Shotgun](https://res.cloudinary.com/shooting-supplies/image/upload/v1573565466/Yildiz-OverUnder_nlskx5_xlol9h.jpg)

## Yildiz 410

Voted Best New Shotgun for the Shooting Industry Awards on its debut in 2010, the 410 over and under Yildiz shotgun is a 'made to scale' shotgun with conventional top lever opening, auto safety catch, single selective trigger and multi-chokes. The Yildiz 410 over and under offers a lightweight, modern, quality package at a budget price.

*In-store from £425*

## Yildiz 20

This Yildiz 20 bore over and order features a lightweight alloy action and is easy to handle, popular with both game and clay pigeon shooters and is used by shooting coaches at many shooting grounds.

The junior version provides a next step from the 410 for youngsters not quite ready for a 12.

*In-store from £525*

## Yildiz 12

Available in both ejector or non-ejector versions, the Yildiz 12 bore over and under is a lightweight shotgun with an alloy action. Ideal for game shooters but can also be used for the occasional clay shoot.

*In-store from £525*

Commit message:

Add slug to all md blog posts

src/blog/yildiz-over-under.md, after:

---
slug: yildiz-over-and-under
title: "Yildiz Over & Under"
date: "2019-11-08"
---

# **Yildiz Over & Under**

A winner since it was first introduced, the Yildiz over and under is a great value shotgun at a budget price range.

Stocked in our store with a range of options, 12/20 & 410 bores and 26/28 & 30" lengths, ejector & non-ejector variations. The Yildiz over and under offers something for everyone, junior and adult shooters alike.

![Yildiz Over & Under Shotgun](https://res.cloudinary.com/shooting-supplies/image/upload/v1573565466/Yildiz-OverUnder_nlskx5_xlol9h.jpg)

## Yildiz 410

Voted Best New Shotgun for the Shooting Industry Awards on its debut in 2010, the 410 over and under Yildiz shotgun is a 'made to scale' shotgun with conventional top lever opening, auto safety catch, single selective trigger and multi-chokes. The Yildiz 410 over and under offers a lightweight, modern, quality package at a budget price.

_In-store from £425_

## Yildiz 20

This Yildiz 20 bore over and order features a lightweight alloy action and is easy to handle, popular with both game and clay pigeon shooters and is used by shooting coaches at many shooting grounds.

The junior version provides a next step from the 410 for youngsters not quite ready for a 12.

_In-store from £525_

## Yildiz 12

Available in both ejector or non-ejector versions, the Yildiz 12 bore over and under is a lightweight shotgun with an alloy action. Ideal for game shooters but can also be used for the occasional clay shoot.

_In-store from £525_
